Tutorial correction (#69)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/tutorial.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    ~/ideal_gas_project $ python project.py run

> However, if you execute this in your own terminal, you might have noticed a warning message printed out at the end, that read similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you execute this in your own terminal, you might have noticed a warning message printed out at the end, that looks like:
```

Author: done!
